Java代码的结构与前端项目的JS部分有一定差异。

因为Java是纯粹的面向对象语言，而JS本质是面向过程的。

In the Java programming language, every application must contain a **main** method.

Only one public class per Java file.

## Background

Java is a high level programming language.

A program written in high level language cannot be run on any machine directly.

First, it needs to be translated into that particular machine language.

javac编译器

The **javac compiler** does this thing, it takes java program (.java file containing source code) and translates it into machine code (referred as byte code or .class file).

Java Virtual Machine(JVM) is a virtual machine that resides in the real machine (your computer) and the **machine language for JVM is byte code**.

字节码是一种中间码。

JVM executes the byte code generated by compiler 

JRE: JRE is the environment within which the java virtual machine runs.

JDK:

## Classes and Objects

This is a class declaration:

        class MyClass extends MySuperClass implements YourInterface{
            // field, constructor, and 
            // method declarations
        }

The *class body* (the area between the braces).

Objects have two characteristics: They have **states** and **behaviors**.

The states and behaviors of an object, can be represented by variables and methods in the class respectively.

#### Declaring Member Variables

There are several kinds of variables:

- Member variables in a class - these are called fields. ( 成员变量 )

- Variables in a method or block of code - these are called local variables.

- Variables in method declarations - these are called parameters.

成员变量的组成：

Field declaration are composed of three components, in order:

1. Zero or more modifiers, such as *public* or *private*.
2. The field's type.
3. The field's name.

访问修饰符

The first (left-most) modifier is access modifier. 

- public modifier - the field is accessible from all classes.

In the spirit fo encapsulation, it is common to make fields private.

This means that they can only be directly accessed from the Class who defines it.

#### Static keyword

Static keyword can be used with class, variable, method and block.

Static members belong to the class instead of a specific instance.

        class SimpleStaticExample
        {
            // This is a static method
            static void myMethod()
            {
                System.out.println("myMethod");
            }
         
            public static void main(String[] args)
            {
                  /* You can see that we are calling this
                   * method without creating any object. 
                   */
                   myMethod();
            }
        }
        
We can call this method without any object because when we 

#### Final keyword

The final keyword can be applied with the variables, a final variable that have no value is called **blank final variable** or **uninitialized final variable**. 

Final variables once assigned a value can never be changed.

#### Super keyword

The super keyword refers to the objects of immediate parent class.

方法重载

Method Overloading is a feature that allows a class to have more than one method having the same name, if their argument lists are different.

#### Three ways to overload a method

In order to overload a method, the argument lists of the methods differ in either of these:

方法重写

Declaring a method in **sub class** which is already present in **parent class** is known as method overriding.

Overriding is done so that a child class can gave its own implementation to a method which is already provided by the parent class.

A class that is declared using "**abstract**" keyword is known as abstract class.

        class Human {
            public static void walk() {}
        }
        
        class Boy extends Human {
            public static void walk() {}
        }

## Annotations

In its simplest form, an annotation looks like the following:

        @Entity
        
The at sign character(@) indicates to the compiler that what follows is an annotation.

It is also possible to use multiple annotations on the same declaration.

#### Where Annotations Can Be Used

Annotations can be applied to declarations: declarations of classes

When used on a declaration, each annotation often appears, by convention, on its own line.

#### Declaring an Annotation Type

The annotation type definition looks similar to an interface definition where the keyword `interface` is preceded by the at sign(@).

A set of annotation types are predefined in the Java SE API.

## Interface

Defining an interface is similar to creating a new class.

A **JAR** (Java ARchive) is a package file format typically used to aggregate

## Multithreading

#### Creating a thread in Java

There are two ways to create a thread in Java:

1. By extending Thread class

2. By implementing Runnable interface

