Java is a high level programming language.

A program written in high level language cannot be run on any machine directly.

First, it needs to be translated into that particular machine language.

.java file => .class file

首先用javac编译器将.java文件编译成由字节码组成的.class文件，然后由相应平台的JVM去执行。

javac编译器

The **javac compiler** does this thing, it takes java program (.java file containing source code) and translates it into machine code (referred as byte code or .class file).

Java Virtual Machine(JVM) is a virtual machine that resides in the real machine (your computer) and the **machine language for JVM is byte code**.

字节码是一种中间码。

JVM executes the byte code generated by compiler.

Each operating system has different JVM, however the output they produce after execution of byte code is same across all operating systems.

JRE: JRE is the environment within which the java virtual machine runs. JRE contains Java virtual Machine(JVM), class libraries, and other files excluding development tools such as compiler and debugger.

Which means you can run the code in JRE but you can’t develop and compile the code in JRE.

JDK: JDK is a superset of JRE, it contains everything that JRE has along with developments tools such as compiler, debugger etc.

我的理解是如果你要在计算机上运行java程序，那么只需要安装JRE，但如果你想成为一个Java开发者，你需要的是JDK。

Java Stack memory is used for execution of a thread

- As soon as we run the program, it loads all the Runtime classes into the Heap space.

2. Whenever an object is created, it's always stored in the Heap space and stack memory contains the reference to it.